refactor: Update the required APIs for audit log integration (#10)
lacework/terraform-gcp-audit-log: README.md

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/lacework/terraform-gcp-audit-log.svg)](https://github.com/lacework/terraform-gcp-audit-log/releases/)
[![CircleCI status](https://circleci.com/gh/lacework/terraform-gcp-audit-log.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/lacework/terraform-gcp-audit-log)

Terraform module for configuring an integration with Google Cloud Platform Organizations and Projects for Audit Logs analysis.

> _**Note:** When `use_existing_service_account` is set to true, the required roles must be added manually. Depending on the integration type this may be at Project or Organization level._

Reviewer: I am hesitant to change the behavior of all the GCP modules (Config, Audit Log, and GCR),
if we are expecting the users to provide the service account and add the roles manually,
what is the sense of adding this option? If we need to go this route, let us just deprecate it
and have the user use the native Terraform resources for Lacework.

My $0.02 👆🏽

Author: Agreed. Kudos to @declanwilson-lw. He pointed me in the direction of using the google_iam_policy data provider to check if the role is already applied when using use_existing_service_account=true

```

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|----------|
|org_integration|If set to true, configure an organization level integration|bool|false|false|
|organization_id|The organization ID, required if org_integration is set to true|string|""|false|
|project_id|A project ID different from the default defined inside the provider|string|""|false|
|use_existing_service_account|Set this to true to use an existing Service Account. When using an existing service account, the required roles must be added manually.|bool|false|false|
|service_account_name|The Service Account name (required when use_existing_service_account is set to true). This can also be used to specify the new service account name when use_existing_service_account is set to false|string|""|false|
|service_account_private_key|The private key in JSON format, base64 encoded (required when use_existing_service_account is set to true)|string|""|false|
|existing_bucket_name|The name of an existing bucket you want to send the logs to|string|""|false|
|bucket_force_destroy|Whether to force destroy the bucket and ignore any content.|bool|false|false|

> |lacework_integration_name|The integration name displayed in the Lacework UI.|string|TF GCR|false|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|lacework_integration_name|The integration name displayed in the Lacework UI.|string|TF audit_log|false|
```

|required_apis|The APIs that should be enabled for this integration to be successful.|map(any)|See the Required APIs section|false|

> |prefix|The prefix that will be use at the beginning of every generated resource|string|lw-gcr|false|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|prefix|The prefix that will be used at the beginning of every generated resource|string|lw-at|false|
```
